
With the recent boom of OnlyFans, a lot of people who were not content creators before are starting to dabble. 

To really get a grasp of the industry, lifestyle and mindset I highly recommend reading the book: Ho Tactics, by G.L. Lambert

He has a blog and other books that everyone should read. 

I wanted to compile together some things that everyone (creators and buyers alike) should be aware of. 

If you have not read my previous post, there is a lot more technical information there on how to harden your devices and avoid online stalkers:
 
https://github.com/DarthDomino/How24N00bs-

Settings: 

Turn off “Searchable by Phone Number and Email”

Get multiple Instagrams, one for OnlyFans and a Friends Only “Finsta”  

Make them both private, you will get reported less anyway.

Don’t post ANY of the photos you post to your OnlyFans Instagram on any private profile, such as Facebook because a simple reverse Google image search 
will make your real information easy to find. 

For OnlyFans settings, display your location half a world away from you or do not display it. 

Reports:
 
We’re not exactly sure what gets you banned on Instagram but snap codes in a photo, too much butt cheek (not exactly sure what’s “too much”), hand bras, 
and censors over nude photos are all ban-worthy. You can show nipple as long as it's covered by clothing (even if it's sheer) at your own risk.

SnapChat bans happen too frequently to even get into, but I will try. 
No FanCentro links anywhere. FanCentro actually realized that their links and instagram tags were getting creators flagged and shadowbanned
and they refused to admit it until it was far too late and their own account was banned. 

OnlyFans has gotten a lot of shit for trying to bring other types of creators to the platform besides adult, but the more there are the less likely the 
same thing will happen to them. If their links get flagged, the payments are likely to be flagged next and the banks notified. 

If you get locked out for a certain amount of time, just change your phone's time to like a year from now and you'll be able to login. 
Just make sure that you don't forget because it will seriously fuck with everything else on your phone including your texts and phone calls. 
A friendly reminder that all computers and phones at the end of the day are just fancy clocks. 
If you're locked out permanently or your account gets banned, this trick will not work. 
This only works for TEMPORARY lockouts. 

Make a bunch of back ups, like so many back ups that gmail tells you you can no longer create anymore accounts for the emails. 
(This is temporary, don't worry just wait like a week and you can make a shit ton again). 
Make a linktree and hope for the best, boo. 

Banned Instagrams ARE recoverable, but it's going to cost you some coin $ and be wary that lots of people say they can but they can't and will 
keep your money, so finding a trusted source is important. Same goes for verification. 

The Dark Part…. 

Any seasoned Snap Girl has been sent something (for lack of better term because there is no term that could possibly encapsulate it) horrific, 
brain scarring and obscene. With OnlyFans and less DMs being opened on SnapChat it is less of an issue, these days. 

If this does happen to you, there is a system the community has created in order to collect this evidence and send it to the correct department in law enforcement. 

If someone sends you child pornography, do NOT *I REPEAT* DO NOT screenshot it, because now YOU are in possession of child pornography. 

Instead, get them talking about what they’re planning and find their INTENT. The words are the most important part. 
Screenshot them saying they want to hurt kids, plan on hurting kids, or what they would do to kids. 

I know this is absolutely terrible, but it’s happened to many of us and back then we had nowhere to send it and no system in place. 

Once you have the screenshots of their WORDS ONLY, and a clear view of their SnapChat username, I have a law enforcement intake email you can send it to. 
Reach out to me personally for it. (It took me two years to get this connect and there is a very specific way it must be sent). 

However there is also an amazing foundation run by God himself: Chris Hadnagy 
Innocent Lives Foundation 
https://twitter.com/InnocentOrg

OnlyFans has limited things like this from happening because they have their own report system, however we are not sure if they actually report it to law 
enforcement so it might be a good idea to submit it yourself. 

It’s best to take screenshots all at once because once they are notified you’re screenshotting, they will block you. 

Closing: 

If you're really hardcore, use Exif (there's even an app now) to delete all metadeta from videos and photos. 

If you get emails notifying you to verify your account, DO NOT IGNORE IT.

Make sure you have secondary authentication, through email or my personal favorite: the Authy App but NEVER your phone number. 

I also recommend the LastPass App for creating and storing secure passwords. 

OnlyFans helps tremendously when it comes to security. Payment apps if not secured properly can be (without exaggeration) life-ruining, 
so only take payments directly through OnlyFans. 

If someone is adamant about only paying through apps, ignore them it's not worth it.  

None of the proper settings are set by default and this has caused tremendous damage in people’s lives. 
In fact I'm so salty about it.... 

Petition here: 

http://chng.it/2cvXW9h4Mk

https://youtu.be/uB9CDEp1mMo

