

In case it wasn't obvious, I specialize in safety planning for those battling against particularly aggressive and tech-savvy stalkers, 
more often than not they’re already dealing with a lot as they are below the poverty line, sex and service industry workers, 
as well as the occasional supermodel or millionaire. 
And then a hacker comes along and sincerely fucks their shit up out of nowhere. It makes people feel violated, trapped, hopeless and alone. 

When I started getting really serious about hacking, I’ll admit I wasn’t out for anything but the power to protect myself.

Somehere along the way I realized that I was on the path to becoming a sort of a guru. 
And in order to do that properly it had to be more than just the technology. 


I’ve been on the greatest pen-test we all could go on: hacking ourselves. 

Did you know that sadness is the only emotion that can overflow the brain? 
Did you know that you can overflow the brain? It’s called the Human Overflow and it’s pretty fucking magical once mastered. 

(Before I knew this term, my friends coined this move of mine the “Bye Kelsey.”)


I’ve been learning how to hack my physical body (EMDR/Resource Tapping/Meditation/Trauma Work/And yeah okay maybe some psychedelics), 
as well as my mind (method of loci) and my heart. In order to truly do the lives that I am trying to help authentic justice, not just trivial justice. 

I have a piece of my heart that I’d like to share with you, in the form of two stories that I will try to tell quickly.

The first is by Eckhart Tolle, who was himself a guru to a woman who was terminally ill. She was very wealthy, 
and she suspected that her housekeeper had stolen a very expensive ring. 
She asked Eckhart how she should handle the situation, as it was a family heirloom and very sentimental to her. 
He asked her how she wanted to spend the last three months of her life? Angry and bitter and vengeful? No. 
So instead she gave away nearly all of her belongings, some even to the housekeeper she thought had stolen from her. 
A few weeks before her death, the ring was found in a drawer. Had she returned it, or had it been there the whole time? 
We will never know, and it doesn’t matter.

Eckhart explained that in every religion in the world (from the Buddha, to Christianity, to Islam), they each have a teaching that though worded 
differently rings the same: 

“If someone takes your shirt, give them your coat, too.”


Jack Kornfield has another story of a wealthy couple who went on vacation and won $10k. 

As they are leaving, they are approached by a young homeless woman who explains this whole story about how her baby is dying and desperately needs aid. 

Without hesitation, they give her the $10k chips. 
A while later, a woman approaches them and says something to the effect of, “She is just a lying, thieving addict! She is just homeless, 
there is no dying baby. Don’t you feel like a fool? Aren’t you angry?” And he says, “There’s no sick baby? Wow, that is the best news!” 


I've been doing this thing called "The Kindness Approach" (by Nick Yarris) 
where I practice being my own best friend. When someone is unkind to me my first thought used to be "Oh man, what an asshole. Fuck them." 
Instead I put my arm around my own shoulders and say directly to myself, "Hey man, you're a nice person and you didn't deserve that." 
Coincidentally, at the same time I was reading his book, I was also reading Pema Chodron's "Start Where You Are." 
She says, when someone throws an arrow into your heart... maybe instead of yelling at them.... you should tend to the arrow in your heart. 

"Anger is a punishment we give to ourselves for someone else's mistake."
I'm pretty sure I saw that on a meme somewhere, but it's true. 
I have such a hard time telling the people I'm trying to help to not be angry at their attacker, because their feelings are absolutely valid. 
I just hope to explain that being emotionally invested and letting them shake you will only make you frazzled, which helps them and hurts us. 
The fear of standing up for ourselves against a most of the time invisible person takes time and practice, but it will change your life forever. 

Being able to help people at their lowest point has been such a blessing, and I’m learning as much as I can, as difficult as it may be, 
to do it carefully; with great care. 
To find the anomalous facts in my own heart, so that I can understand them deeply when I see them in others, has turned out to be the most 
important gift life has given me.

It has been the darkest, longest and most challenging social engineering campaign I’ve ever been on.

I’ve learned that emotional intelligence is just as, if not more important than technical intelligence. 

At the very least, it adds an extra edge and that extra edge is make or break.


In this book, I hope to plant seeds so that you leave this experience less traumatized than I found you. 
I want you to walk away in an empowered, freed, attuned-to and enlightened state of being. 
