Intro To Social Engineering

To give some backstory of how I got here, I feel like I have to explain the torment I experienced as a child raised by a cluster of sociopaths. 
I know that’s a word that a lot of people like to throw around, so I’d like to briefly explain what it actually means. 

Narcissists (hell, all of us) are on a spectrum. 

Not all narcissists are sociopaths, but all sociopaths are narcissists because sociopaths are on the more extreme end of the narcissism scale.

My relatives resemble a cult that functions quite a lot like Scientology does (Fair-Gaming, in particular).
One of the few fortunate things about sociopaths and narcissists, is that the various methods and manipulation tactics are all the same. 

Someone does NOT have to be on the narcissistic spectrum to have these traits or use these tactics, but if they are they will ONLY use
narcisstistic tactics when it comes to interpersonal relationships as it is a knee-jerk reaction and they don’t know any other way. 
For example, someone can have a sort of acquired narcissism; such as a celebrity who always gets to skip the line but one day has to wait. 
They may act pompous but once called out on it and made aware, may deflate and become humbled. 

Sociopaths have NO REMORSE, absolutely ZERO. Narcissists on the lower end of the spectrum have deep shame. 
Especially covert narcissists who weaponize their internal shame as a way to outwardly portray they're "sensitive" or "delicate" or "damaged." 
They're not, they're doing it so you feel sorry for them and don't hold them as accountable as you should. 
Do be slightly careful with these types though, as covert narcissists are the only type of narcissist that will kill themselves. 
All of the other types are too grandiose and would NEVER. 

They are not creative or unique, they’re just fucked up. 
Even breathing wrong could result in a meltdown, so I have been hypervigilent, hyperaware and self-policing since birth. 
This provided me a sort of super-power, to me micro-expressions are LOUD. 
If the conversation is two steps away from going south, I can spot it and redirect. 
I also attribute my synesthesia to this, as I had to learn things quickly or starve or be abused. 
Many hacker's stories start this way. It's like taking something beautiful with us out of the struggle. 
It's like having something to show for it. 

This has made me a great people person, but this has also left me with Complex Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. 
To put this in perspective, you can obtain PTSD from a car addicent, Complex PTSD is like having a car accident every single day for years. 
This includes bouts of depression, dissociation, panic attacks, learned helplessness, nightmares, tinnitus, migraines and private breakdowns. 
Which is why I go to Trauma Therapy (Somatic Experiencing/EMDR) once a week and practice yoga, mediation, resource-tapping and music daily. 
It's hard work keeping your shit together. I'm here to teach. 

If you familiarize yourself with a few key phrases and learn how to identify them in the moment, their powers will no longer work on you. 

These are not the droids you’re looking for. 

Scape-Goating - shunning or otherwise undermining a specific individual, who has either not fallen in line or submitted fully they way they were expected to, 
stood up for themselves in some way or is simply someone easy and fun for them to fuck with. 

Love-Bombing - Gestures, gifts, rewards, calm or kind behaviours that are often out of character, unexpected, fake or have a double meaning. 
A recovery method used to claim innocence, keep up appearances, gaslight and avoid accountability. 

  My mother is a queen love-bomber and she coined the phrase "The Dive And Catch," which is when the person fucking with you knows that you're 
  catching on and are right about to the point of not taking it anymore and then all of a sudden they flip a switch and they're a completely normal, 
  loving, caring person the next second (A way for them to figure out just how far they can stretch you before you snap).  

Gaslighting - When the manipulation is so strong and they're actions so outrageous that you actually begin to question your own sanity and doubt reality. 
Maybe I didn't remember that right? Were they really telling the truth? NO BITCH, THEY'RE GASLIGHTING YOU.  

Negging - when someone says negative things (or is negative) with the intention of making you doubt yourself, walk on eggshells and to belittle. 
(This is a fuckboi favorite). 

Invalidation/Neglect/Ignore - You really shouldn't be spending time with anyone who makes you feel less than, does not celebrate your achievements, 
does not love and appreciate you for who you really are, acts like you owe them jack shit, neglects you or ignores you as a tactic, 
or plays mindfuck games for fun because fun is the LAST thing it is. 

The Dark Triad - Comprises the personality traits of narcissism, machiavellianism (manipulation for power) and psychopathy. (Wiki) 
Sadism is real, if you catch a subtle smile when they finally push you too far, they're laughing loudly on the inside. 
  
  A flashbulb memory is a "highly vivid and detailed 'snapshot' of a consequential, surprising and emotional moment." 
  I call them trauma memories but that's not exactly the proper term.
  You feel it and smell it like it's really happening in the present, for a milisecond. 
  I have flashbulbs of every face that smiled. 

Reactive/Learned Abuse - There's an old story of a prisoner in a concentration camp during WWII, praying and thanking god. 
Someone walks by and says, "What the hell do you have to thank god for?" 
And they respond, "For not making me like them." 
  
  My greatest fear is being like them. Since watching Gone Girl I've accepted that the darks parts of me are always going to be there and should absolutely 
  be nurtured in a healthy way. The dark parts aren't there to be repressed or be ashamed of, they're my protectors and I always have them to fall back on 
  if shit gets rocky. However, in a healthy life where I can be safe, they're not needed. 

  The term "Reactive Abuse" is used by professionals to describe a situation in which, for example, an abuser keeps pinching you under the table really hard 
  and no one else at the table can see. You're getting more and more upset as you can now feel bruises forming on your legs. 
  Everyone is carrying on a light and happy conversation.
  
  Finally, you stand up and yell at the person pinching you. They play dumb like they weren't doing anything and you're just insane. You lose it. 
  You throw your wine glass and it shatters on the wall. You storm out. 
  
  Throwing the wine glass was not the appropriate reaction. You could have explained to everyone calmly that they were pinching you when it first began, 
  you could have walked away. Your feelings of rage to throw the wine glass were absolutely valid, but shattering a glass is still abuse on your part. 
  This is why healing is so complicated. I had to take accountability for a lot of the things I'd done to contribute to the toxic cycle.
  
  "If you wouldn't do it today, you are convicting an innocent person." - Les Brown
  
  There's no way to heal from something or stop a habit without giving yourself some space to have compassion for yourself. 
  There's a difference between making excuses and having compassion, you can acknowledge what you did wrong even if you were IN THE RIGHT. 
  Humans are multifaceted creatures and there are many sides to all of us. 
  
  "...the Universe is an awfully big place. There is room enough for an awful lot of people to be right about things and still not agree.” - Kurt Vonnegut 
 
 

Part 2: How I Got Hacked 


If only I knew then what I know now, I really could have saved myself a lot of trouble. 
I walked into the hornet’s nest naked. I’d been a tech-geek since I could walk but when I discovered hacking and the hacker community it just hit different. 

I wanted to know everything about everything so that I could use those powers in a creative way no one had ever thought of before to 
make the world a better place and help prevent as much suffering as I could while I was alive. I burned with idealism. 

“It’s not difficult to decide what you want your life to be about, what’s difficult is deciding what you’re willing
to give up in order to achieve those things.” 

I gave up everything. My safety. My false sense of security. My body. My self esteem. Yet, in the end I gained it all: 
my sense of self and my purpose. I would do it all again. 

I discovered Corpse Husband, a YouTuber who had made some videos on the “Dark Web.” I’d heard of it but never really dabbled, 
I liked the idea that it was difficult to get to: the underground. 

Corpse said explicitly, over and over and over again to not go to the Dark Web because it was dangerous and it could get you killed. 

It’s not that I wanted this to happen, it’s just that I didn’t really give a fuck if it did. 
Death was better than never knowing, and so was born my way of life. 

Death is always better than not knowing, right up until the moment the answer you get feels like death. 

I started so green and so frustrated as to why no one was doing anything if apparently we had all this power to make change. 

Now I know that it's a hell of a lot more difficult than it looks. 
Just ask Bernie Sanders who literally had a heart attack trying to tell us that the Mega-Rich don't pay taxes.

I was hacked by two separate groups of people, at the same time. Both were extremely abusive in their own ways. 
I really got it from all angles at once, it was brutal... very not chill. That's pretty much all I can say without causing a whole shitstorm.

It was extremely difficult and took every ounce of me to escape that fiasco by myself. I weighed 86lbs by the time the whole thing was over. 

But it is over, all of it. I never have to go through any of those traumatic things again. I fucking did that shit and you can too. 


The Laughing Heart by Charles Bukowski

your life is your life
don’t let it be clubbed into dank submission.
be on the watch.
there are ways out.
there is light somewhere.
it may not be much light but
it beats the darkness.
be on the watch.
the gods will offer you chances.
know them.
take them.
you can’t beat death but
you can beat death in life, sometimes.
and the more often you learn to do it,
the more light there will be.
your life is your life.
know it while you have it.
you are marvelous
the gods wait to delight
in you.

